= How to deploy Redmine on Heroku.
This is a Redmine (v 3.3) project source with some few changes needed to deploy on heroku.com

== Redmine
Redmine is a flexible project management web application written using Ruby on Rails framework.
More details can be found in the doc directory or on the official website http://www.redmine.org

== {Heroku.com}[http://heroku.com]
Heroku is a cloud platform that lets companies build, deliver, monitor and scale apps — we're the fastest way to go from idea to URL, bypassing all those infrastructure headaches.

= FAST deploy

You can use this repository to deploy it on heroku.com. 
Attention, this source use <em>thin</em> gem web service instead default Webrick.
Comment it in Gemfile to use Webrick.

=== Steps:

1. Install heroku Toolbelt (unix version here):
    wget -O- https://toolbelt.heroku.com/install-ubuntu.sh | sh

2. Clone this repository (or see {How to prepare Rails source}[link:#how-to-prepare-rails-app-source]):
    git clone https://github.com/GremL1N/redmine-to-heroku.git your_path
   and <tt>cd to your_path</tt>

3. Create Heroku APP using web interface or command:  
    heroku login
    heroku apps:create HEROKU_APP_NAME

4. Add Heroku Postgres addon to your app. Use resources tab(on heroku.com) or command:
    heroku addons:create heroku-postgresql --app HEROKU_APP_NAME --name main-db --as DATABASE

5. rake secret and create environment variable SECRET_KEY_BASE on heroku app. Use setting tab or command: 
    heroku config:add --app HEROKU_APP_NAME SECRET_KEY_BASE=hash-from-rake-command

6. Deploy:
    heroku git:remote -a HEROKU_APP_NAME
    git push heroku master
    heroku run --app HEROKU_APP_NAME rake db:migrate

= How to prepare Rails app source

Tested for Rails 4.2.6
Redmine example.

1. Copy Redmine official source svn or unofficial from github and bitbucket.
    svn co https://svn.redmine.org/redmine/branches/3.3-stable redmine-3.3_to_heroku
    cd redmine-3.3_to_heroku

2. Unlikely you use svn :) 
    rm -rf .svn

3. Create git repositoy (or mercurial): 
    git init

4. In ignore files (.gitignore and .hgignore) remove lines:
   - config/database.yml
   - config/secrets.yml
   - Gemfile
   - Gemfile.lock
   - /plugins
   - /public/plugins_assets
5. Create config/database.yml:  
    production:
      adapter: postgresql
      url: <%= ENV["DATABASE_URL"] %>	

6. Create config/secrets.yml
    production:
      secret_key_base: <%= ENV["SECRET_KEY_BASE"] %>

7. Add to Gemfile
    group :production do
      gem thin
    end

8. <tt>bundle install </tt>

9. Commit changes 
    git add .  
    git commit -m "init"  
    git remote add origin https://github.com/GremL1N/redmine-to-heroku.git  
    git push -u origin master </tt>

Now you can create repo on github (w/o any files and descriptions) and deploy on heroku via github or depoly directly (like in Fast method 6) or maybe you like dropbox.
Don't forget check environment variables of Heroku app on settings tab.
